Before the entirety of mankind can stand hand in hand,
We’re all already connected by infectious diseases.
Every minute, every second, every time someone coughs
The resonating stars are sparkling above.

Ah god, I don’t have my ID paper, this isn’t covered by insurance
Please, doctor, Show me some sympathy
There’s 0 sensitivity, it’s all good for nothing
What on earth is this condition of mine.

Arteriosclerosis? I had laughed while eating cake
A compound fracture? I had so much fun I jumped up and down
Eyelid convulsions? I stared at the rainbow after the rain, together with you
A nervous breakdown? I had fallen into unrequited love
Amnesia? I remembered faint feelings…
A sleep disorder? I feel like yesterday I dreamt about such a thing.

The Sick Sick Sick{ness} scattered all around the world
Nothing but brown sugar sentimentality, prickle prickle prick[1]
Aa, if only, if only,
I could live a little more skillfully.

All of you guys, every single damn one of you are sick sick sick
But from your say, I’m the one who’s sick sick sick
My heart thuds, perhaps this is love?
…Nah, it’s a sickness.

Even if I get used to the slander,
I became afraid of the diagnosis’ results
I don’t have the heart to fight, it’s all inevitable
Apparently, those symptoms are pretty common.

A heart disease? I remember having palpitations
Tonsillitis? I had screamed, straining my voice
Jaw joint disorder? All through the night I continued to talk, together with you
Ear lacerations? I had heard someone’s voice
A mental disorder? I awoke, and was made to notice
One of the three major diseases? The thing- That I had closed reality and covered up.

Up overhead I had turned somersaults, sick sick sick
With wounds wounds wounds that scratch at my everyday
Aa, how nice it’d be, how nice it’d be
If loneliness was just some kind of drug

In this world nothing slips through heaven’s net, sick sick sick
Learning too much, I get real sick of it all… sick sick sick
Shine shine, maybe this is a miracle of some kind
….nah, it’s a sickness.

Hello, are you doing well?
Is that so. I can’t quite say the same for myself…
I choked back down my gory true feelings.
Though the myself of yesterday had been crying
How will the myself of tomorrow be?
And how have you been lately?
I found myself slowly getting sleepier and sleepier.

Without missing a single point,
I scrawled everything down on the medical record
For the sake of stopping these shakes {that wrack my body}

The Sick Sick Sick{ness} scattered all around the world
Nothing but brown sugar sentimentality, prickle prickle prick
Aa, if only, if only,
I could live a little more skillfully.

Tangled amidst hopes: sick sick sick
The injuries made through mistakes, ooze and ooze,
I wonder I wonder,
If we’ve just gotta live on bearing them forever.
All of you guys, every single damn one of you is sick sick sick
But from your say, I’m the one who’s sick sick sick
My heart thuds, perhaps this is love?
All dizzy …Nah, that’s a sickness.

Nah, that’s a sickness. However put together you may be, that’s a sickness.
Everyone’s sick now, everyone’s sick now
Everyone’s sick now. everyone’s sick now. 